# a simple content sharing platform. It will be divided in two modules
### Client Facing Website,
### Administrative & Management Web Panel

I use Laravel framework for doing all the things and use bootstrap for user ui.

### Client Facing Website
A content sharing platform completed with user registration and login. Thecontent will hereafter be referred to as “story”. When user lands on the website he will be presented with recently shared stories and a registration/login form. For registration User will be asked to give some basic information as name. email, date of birth, phone, gender, avatar image and password Non-Registered User can view stories but won’t be able to share/post their stories or see and post comments on shared content Registered User can post/share new stories. Stories will consist of a title, body/story, a section, multiple tags and accompanying image and image caption. Stories will be categorized in to sections and will be searchable by title, body, section, and tags. A story can be blocked/unlisted by the admin. Registered User can also view and post comments on the stories shared by other users. The comment will just consist of a comment body text. Non-registered user won’t be able to view comments on shared stories. Registered user will have a profile page where they can update their profile data and view list of stories shared by them and can perform edit and delete on stories created by them.

### Administrative & Management Web Panel
A separate panel will be made available to the Admins of the site. The admins of the site will be able to view latest content and comments shared by the users. They will be able to search content based on title, body, section, and tags. They will be able to set content as unlisted if they deem content inappropriate or otherwise. The unlisted content won’t be visible to the users but will be visible in the users’ profile and marked appropriately. Admins will also be able to delete comments on shared contents via the panel. Admins will be able to view registered users and search for them. They will also be able to block users from the panel. Admins will be able to create, view and delete other admin users. Information required for admin users are name, username/email, and password.